README.md, before:

# aims-gpa-calculator

This is a Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey user script which will help you in calculating your Grade Point Average in AIMS.

This script adds a `Show GPA` button on the webpage containing the list of courses and their grades.

## How to use

There are two ways to use this script.

### Method 1
1. Install [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) (if you are using Firefox) or [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en) (if you are using Chrome).
2. Add `gpameter.user.js` as a new script to Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey.
3. Login on AIMS and open the courses page.
4. Click on `Show GPA` to view your GPA.

### Method 2
1. Login on AIMS and open the courses page.
2. Open the web console (use the table below for keyboard shortcuts).
3. Paste the contents of `gpameter.user.js` on the console and hit `Enter`
4. Click on `Show GPA` to view your GPA.

#### Keyboard shortcuts to open the web console

| | Google Chrome | Mozilla Firefox |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Windows or Linux | `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `J` | `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `K` |
| Mac | `Cmd` + `Opt` + `J` | `Cmd` + `Opt` + `K` |

## Suggestions?
Please open an issue or code it up and send a pull request.

Commit message:

Display Course Credit Categories (#15)
* Display Course Credit Categories

* Added newline!

* Remove repl.it

README.md, after:

# aims-gpa-calculator

This is a Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey user script which will help you in calculating your Grade Point Average in AIMS.

This script adds a `Show GPA` button on the webpage containing the list of courses and their grades.

The `Show GPA` button also displays the number of credits of various categories you have done so far - e.g. LA/CA, Basic Sciences, Deptt Core, etc.    

## How to use

There are two ways to use this script.

### Method 1
1. Install [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) (if you are using Firefox) or [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en) (if you are using Chrome).
2. Add `gpameter.user.js` as a new script to Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey.
3. Login on AIMS and open the courses page.
4. Click on `Show GPA` to view your GPA.

### Method 2
1. Login on AIMS and open the courses page.
2. Open the web console (use the table below for keyboard shortcuts).
3. Paste the contents of `gpameter.user.js` on the console and hit `Enter`
4. Click on `Show GPA` to view your GPA.

#### Keyboard shortcuts to open the web console

| | Google Chrome | Mozilla Firefox |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Windows or Linux | `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `J` | `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `K` |
| Mac | `Cmd` + `Opt` + `J` | `Cmd` + `Opt` + `K` |

## Suggestions?
Please open an issue or code it up and send a pull request.
